Hello, 

We noticed this is your first app submission and want to congratulate you on joining the Apple Developer Program. We look forward to working together on your submissions.

When App Review identifies an issue with a submission, we’ll contact you with a message in App Store Connect with details about what we found and how to resolve the issue. Learn more about App Review and tips for a smooth review experience. 

See below for additional information about the issues that require your attention for this submission. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 494c5f3d-f7c1-49bf-b6ce-55ef38102a5f
Review date: March 13, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 5.1.1(ii) - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and Storage
Issue Description

One or more purpose strings in the app do not sufficiently explain the use of protected resources. Purpose strings must clearly and completely describe the app's use of data and, in most cases, provide an example of how the data will be used.



Next Steps

Update the location, camera purpose string to explain how the app will use the requested information and provide a specific example of how the data will be used. See the attached screenshot.


Resources

Purpose strings must clearly describe how an app uses the ability, data, or resource. The following are hypothetical examples of unclear purpose strings that would not pass review: 

- "App would like to access your Contacts"
- "App needs microphone access"

See examples of helpful, informative purpose strings.


Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: unable to Chat with AI
Error: had trouble connecting.


Review device details:

- Device type: iPhone 17 Pro Max 
- OS version: iOS 26.3.1
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. Learn more about supporting apps on compatible devices.